Hi everyone, I hope you are doing very well and everything is going well for you.
I am CLÉBERT Marc Tyson, 3rd year student in computer engineering at INUKA University in Haiti,
one of the members of the MEGA SCRIPTS CLUB PROGRAMMING group
and also the owner of Codons.
Today I am making a video for you in which I will try to present my website to you in a way.
So, Codons is a platform that I designed in order to help people who are interested in learning programming.
On this platform, you will have access to courses like
C
C++
C#
Java
Python
PHP
JavaScript
ect...
But for now we are going to make it simple, we will start with the most basic languages ​​like HTML and CSS,
because it is these two languages ​​that will allow us to create a static website at least.
Besides, I already have an HTML course on it, if you are interested, you can start taking it today.
So guys, for more information,
you can email me at tyson9tech@gmail.com,
I will be very happy to explain in more detail all the processes you need to follow to achieve your goal.
Thanks for watching this video,
I invite you to follow me on all social networks,
I will leave you the link at the bottom of the video.
Feel free to comment this video,
like it
and share it.
Goodbye.